the unlabeled image number 168 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image96.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image96.txt 
the unlabeled image number 278 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image97.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image97.txt 
the unlabeled image number 287 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image98.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image98.txt 
the unlabeled image number 294 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image99.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image99.txt 
the unlabeled image number 304 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image100.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image100.txt 
the unlabeled image number 411 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image101.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image101.txt 
the unlabeled image number 435 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image102.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image102.txt 
the unlabeled image number 439 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image103.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image103.txt 
the unlabeled image number 475 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image104.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image104.txt 
the unlabeled image number 531 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image105.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image105.txt 
the unlabeled image number 574 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image106.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image106.txt 
the unlabeled image number 601 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image107.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image107.txt 
the unlabeled image number 678 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image108.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image108.txt 
the unlabeled image number 726 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image109.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image109.txt 
the unlabeled image number 772 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image110.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image110.txt 
the unlabeled image number 780 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image111.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image111.txt 
the unlabeled image number 788 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image112.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image112.txt 
the unlabeled image number 815 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image113.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image113.txt 
the unlabeled image number 953 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image114.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image114.txt 
the unlabeled image number 968 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image115.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image115.txt 
the unlabeled image number 1020 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image117.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image117.txt 
the unlabeled image number 1025 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image118.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image118.txt 
the unlabeled image number 1237 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image121.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image121.txt 
the unlabeled image number 1290 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image122.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image122.txt 
the unlabeled image number 1351 has fullfilled the condition and ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_image/image123.png and its label are ./dataset_ortho/new_datas/train_box/image123.txt 
